100,000 150,000 master, this is rubbish
Not worth it
I am rich
Just buy a rainbow
Why don't you add it?
200,000
Little sick, why didn't the young master follow?
Scared
300,000 350,000 ah luyao
Stop barking, that thing is fake
Even I can see it
I know that stuff is fake
But I don't think Master will be because of a counterfeit
Go give up the so-called good luck slave 1 million
younger sister
Let this punk keep fighting me 1 million time
1 million twice
Waste, are you afraid?
1 million three deals
As expected of the young master
Really rich?
1 million buy a piece of junk
Did you hit me?
dare not dare
The world is also rich
I am also ashamed of my inadequacy
OK
Isn't that 1 million? Go on
Then here's the second one
The second collection is the Liujindi of the Medicine King of the Yuan Dynasty
Starting price 200,000